# A Discussion on the International Response to Recent Cybersecurity Threats and Other Issues

In this document, I analyze how cybersecurity and data should be enforced utilizing two articles with contrasting viewpoints on to what extent cybersecurity and data collection should be enacted by governments on their population. The first article covers the rise of cyber defense companies coinciding with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, while the second discusses the hacking of a Shanghai Police database.

## Article 1
In the article, “As Cyberattacks Surge, Security Start-Ups Reap the Rewards”[https://www.nytimes.com/2021/07/26/technology/cyberattacks-security-investors.html]
 by the New York Times, Netscope, a Cloud based security company, received as much as three hundred million dollars in one month, tripling their valuation to around three billion dollars over the past year. This is largely since recent cyberattacks have crippled or destroyed energy, healthcare, food, intelligence, and other operations critical to the daily lives of affected citizens. The clear reasons to support cybersecurity is to ensure that the online infrastructure that automates the increasing quality of life through agriculture, education, commerce, and almost every other line of business is secure for firms in a nation and individual citizens as well. 

In addition, international security concerns are increasing the demand for robust cybersecurity. In fact, nation to nation cyber attacks are frequent nowadays, ranging from North Korea stealing money to Russia attempting to hinder the commercial and military efforts by Ukraine digitally. This shows that the increasing digital fields are changing not only the lifestyles of people and industrial efficiency, but also political dynamics as well. For instance, novel surveillance technologies are used more by militaries and governments, so keeping these secure allows for more international stability, and more efficient execution of policies by the governments of the world and increased overall productivity. The collective result is a largely increased global GDP per capita and innovations in automation.

## Article 2
The article, “Chinese Police Database Was Left Unsecured Long Before Hackers Seized It”[https://www.nytimes.com/2022/07/07/business/china-police-database-hack.html?searchResultPosition=31] by the New York Times, depicts a recent hack of Shanghai’s police database that left up to a billion people’s personal information public. Due to the sheer extent of the Chinese Communist Party’s data collection, they have databases containing extremely detailed information at an unprecedented scale. For instance, this particular Shanghai Police database contains 23 terabytes of data concerning up to a billion people. While this data leak was dangerous, the sheer scale of data collected also portrays the level of censorship and control the CCP has on its people. This data contained names, addresses, and ID numbers, which seems expected. However, detailed police reports including politically sensitive information including rebellious or libelous history has also been released, which could change people’s lives at the cost of security.

Indeed, cybersecurity should be generally exercised, but occasional breaches can occasionally uncover some hidden truth. The CCP’s silent, apathetic response to the leak exposed their attempts to manipulate the public, which they succeed in through monopolizing internet services through government backed and controlled companies like Tencent and Weibo. Despite the vast collection, the hacked database was also recorded to lack a password, which was recommended by the hired cybersecurity committee. Indeed, with this much personal information, the article states that the individuals whose data was exposed could be extorted, frauded, or worse. So, cybersecurity should be enforced in general, but one can also derive unseen insights from hacks.
